If you keep being so unreasonable
What else will I have to eat in the future?
I will never give it to you again
I knew you boy
If you marry a daughter-in-law and go to bed, you will stop being a human being
Don't go too far.
How did I go too far?
If you marry a brat, you will forget your roots
Don't talk so much nonsense
Pay me something, the old man is waiting to eat
Why are you so confident?
This meal is made by me, and men with makeup may not have a share.
Don't even think about it.
You you
front
Shi Liyan is a fan of the seven aunts and eight aunts in the countryside
Work every year to catch the autumn wind
Now you want to dream of me as a soft persimmon
So be it, Yuanyuan.
Blind husband has been sick recently.
Otherwise, give them this pot of porridge first.
Why does it have anything to do with me?
Mr. Tang was very nice to me before
But I'm really not doing well recently.
Take this pot of porridge as a grievance I owe you
It seems not easy to make Rong boss ask for help
What's more, I caused him to lose his eyes in his previous life
Freshman, that's all he needs
I can't be satisfied, of course
Okay, I'll take note of it.
I'll give you this pot, you have to go back, thank you.
Is that Rong?
My wife is going to trouble you again, right?
I'm really sorry.
The old man has something to eat
Potato porridge is delicious
What is good at worrying?
Have you asked Xiaorong for something to eat?
Can't do this again
I didn't expect it.
Someone's situation is actually more difficult than Rongzhuang Nan
Uncle, eat it
We still have grilled fish
Are you Xiaonan's wife?
You are also a good person.
Take this porridge back
young man
What can you do if you don't have enough to work in the field, old man?
You are so sick, how can you not eat?
You are sick because you are hungry
Hey, if you don't eat it, it's my fault.
The bad ingredients are dragging you down
Don't say that.
Wife you eat
I don't like eel porridge
It's fishy. I don't like that bowl
Old lady, you always do this to me
How can I eat it?
I didn't expect Mr. Tang to pick big manure and concave fat
So gentle
Tang Lao used to be Liu Guoyang
A Chinese medicine divine beast who has read books
Such a good intellectual
It was ruined like this
I'll go get them two more grilled fish
Don't you want to give it?
And we only have two grilled fish left
It's not that you don't see how pitiful they are
Working people should help each other